.TH SIMPLE_SHELL "1" "28 Noviembre 19" "Simple Shell Manual Page"

.SH NAME
.B lsh 
-Simple shell implementation of command line - Holberton Project
.PP

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./lsh
.PP

.SH Description
This is a simple command language interpreter capable of executing commands read
from standard input. This shell is also capable of having commands piped in from the background.

.SH Overview
The shell is a program that reads lines from either a file or the terminal, interprets them, and  executes other commands. Commands can be typed directly to the running shell or can be piped in.

.SH Invocation
Shell could be run in interactive mode where input is accepted from the keyboard. It also works in a non-interactive mode, the shell is run from a script or
standard input from a echo standard output.

To run the shell you should compile all the .c files in the repo with GNU Comiler Collectio and execute the output file, as follow:
.P
.RS
.B $ gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic *.c -o hsh
.P
.RE
Where hsh would be the file to execute:
.RS
.B $ ./hsh
.P
.RE
Simple Shell would be run in interactive mode by executing the hsh. Once you execute it, a prompt ($ ) will appear waiting for you to type a command followed by an enter. Once you press enter the shell will execute the command and a new prompt ('$') will appear again expecting a new command. Until you type exit or ctrl D.  

The non-interactive mode uses shell scripts. This includes the use of piping ('|'). Example:
.P
.RS
.B echo 'ls -la' | ./hsh

.SH BUILT-IN COMMANDS
.RS information on built-in commands
.B  exit
- Shell process is terminated, and exit from it with zero for success, any other value indicating a failure on the last executed process.
.PP
.B  env
- Prints all the environmental variables of Simple shell.
.P
.B #
- Ignores or takes as comments all the commands or things typed after the '#' character. 
.SH Pipelines
This shell does not handle with pipelines |.

.SH Special Parameters
.IP None
This shell does not handle with special characters.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP HOME
Automatically set from the user's login direcotyr. Default argument for the
cd builtin.
.IP PATH
Default search for executables.


.SH SEE ALSO
sh(1)

.SH BUGS
No known bugs. Please contact any of the authors if a bug appears.

.SH AUTHORS
Luz Adriana Ariza <1296@holbertonschool.com>
.PP
Campo Pinillos <1207@holbertonschool.com>